cable TV scares the antenna out of you
the best cities for tailgating and how
are you feeling this website wants to
know hey there what's going on I'm rich
demuro with Cena TV and this is the Q
very good to be back after a long
vacation boy my iphone feels 200 bucks
lighter let's get you started with your
must click moment cables digital
pictures are really crispy and they've
taken care of all that transition stuff
for us just 18 months to go before
analog signals go dark the cable TV
industry launching a 200 million dollar
campaign to remind you everything will
be okay if your TV is hooked up to cable
tailgating being taken to new levels in
cities across America now a new survey
Clues you into just which city is the
best for those beer infused afternoons
for mornings directv and k vh industries
the company that makes satellite TV in
your car possible took a look at stadium
parking lots the gatherings in those
locks and sales of high-tech tailgating
equipment survey says Baltimore the best
tailgating football city followed by
Denver Houston and San Diego Cincinnati
rounding out the top five while NFL
hopeful City of Angels Los Angeles
ranking 24 out of 32 cities with a
franchise time for the segment why
didn't amazon think of this first Google
beating the web bookseller at its own
game setting up a way to build an online
library sure you can do wish list but
never this new features added to
Google's book search tool you can now
create and search your own library just
pop it the titles of the books on
yourselves then you can add labels write
reviews and even rate what you've read
you can virtually share your collection
using RSS feeds to keep everyone up to
date now the beta ever have a bad day
now you can let the world know and find
out how others across the globe filled
with emotion er the website lets you
store and share your emotional
experiences you can keep track of what
makes you happy and what hurts you you
can also discover people who have
similar emotions use a sliding scale to
rate your daily happiness there's even a
widget for posting your current emotion
ER on your website finally new way to
pimp your ride nothing says
I'm an obnoxious driver like custom horn
tones the new horn tones FX 550 player
lets you replace a standard hunk with up
to 256 megabytes of audio files the
player features a blue LCD screen with
nine presets it comes loaded with a
variety of tones and themes but you can
also use a USB port to upload new audio
you can make your own or download the
tones online the horn tone system has an
audio amplifier and weatherproof
speakers this ticket to annoy will cost
you 250 bucks and I'm sure police
officers won't mind this system a bit
you know what maybe play the theme music
from chips when you're getting pulled
over that'd be fun tell me how it goes
I'm rich Demuro would see that TV and
you are all cued up now go do right
thanks